README.rst, before:

=============================
 Simple Vim templates plugin
=============================
:Author: Adrian Perez <aperez@igalia.com>

This is a simple plugin for Vim that will allow you to have a set of
templates for certain file types. It is useful to add boilerplate code
like guards in C/C++ headers, or license disclaimers.


Installation
============

The easiest way to install the plugin is to install it as a bundle.
For example, using Pathogen__:

1. Get and install `pathogen.vim <https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen>`_. You can skip this step
   if you already have it installed.

2. ``cd ~/.vim/bundle``

3. ``git clone git://github.com/aperezdc/vim-template.git``

__ https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen

Bundle installs are known to work fine also when using Vundle__. Other
bundle managers are expected to work as well.

__ https://github.com/gmarik/vundle


Updating
========

Manually
--------

In order to update the plugin, go to its bundle directory and use
Git to update it:

1. ``cd ~/.vim/bundle/vim-template``

2. ``git pull``


With Vundle
-----------

Use the ``:BundleUpdate`` command provided by Vundle, for example invoking
Vim like this::

  % vim +BundleUpdate

Commit message:

README: Add note about the plugin needing a Bourne shell
As suggested in issue #111. Some people seem to stumble on this, so it is a
good idea to mention it in the documentation.

README.rst, after:

=============================
 Simple Vim templates plugin
=============================
:Author: Adrian Perez <aperez@igalia.com>

This is a simple plugin for Vim that will allow you to have a set of
templates for certain file types. It is useful to add boilerplate code
like guards in C/C++ headers, or license disclaimers.


Installation
============

The easiest way to install the plugin is to install it as a bundle.
For example, using Pathogen__:

1. Get and install `pathogen.vim <https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen>`_. You can skip this step
   if you already have it installed.

2. ``cd ~/.vim/bundle``

3. ``git clone git://github.com/aperezdc/vim-template.git``

__ https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen

Bundle installs are known to work fine also when using Vundle__. Other
bundle managers are expected to work as well.

__ https://github.com/gmarik/vundle


.. important:: If you use Fish__ as your shell, you *will* need to add
   ``set shell=/bin/sh`` to your ``~/.vimrc`` — the plugin relies on the
   setting pointing to a Bourne-compatible__ shell.

__ http://fishshell.com/
__ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bourne_shell


Updating
========

Manually
--------

In order to update the plugin, go to its bundle directory and use
Git to update it:

1. ``cd ~/.vim/bundle/vim-template``

2. ``git pull``


With Vundle
-----------

Use the ``:BundleUpdate`` command provided by Vundle, for example invoking
Vim like this::

  % vim +BundleUpdate
